30.3.0 (#892)
MetaMask/controllers: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

## [30.3.0]
### Added

> - New functionality added to the CollectiblesController to verify the transaction state of a collectible ([#762](https://github.com/MetaMask/controllers/pull/762)).
>   - New method added to the CollectiblesController to search a Collectible by smart contract address and token ID (`findCollectibleByAddressAndTokenId`).
>   - New method added to the CollectiblesController to update the state of a Collectible (`updateCollectible`).
>   - New method added to the CollectiblesController to reset the transaction status of a Collectible (`resetCollectibleTransactionStatusByTransactionId`).
> - New method called `validatePassword` is added to KeyringController to validate the password ([#884](https://github.com/MetaMask/controllers/pull/884))
> 
> ### Changed
> - Exporting `formatIconUrlWithProxy` to format iconUrl Proxy for tokens from Swaps API ([#889](https://github.com/MetaMask/controllers/pull/889))

Reviewer: Nit: Cleaned the grammar up to use imperative tense, for consistency. 

Also the `formatIconUrlWithProxy` seems like an addition to me, since we're exposing a new method.

```suggestion
- Add new functionality to the CollectiblesController to verify the transaction state of a collectible ([#762](https://github.com/MetaMask/controllers/pull/762)).
  - Add new method to the CollectiblesController to search a Collectible by smart contract address and token ID (`findCollectibleByAddressAndTokenId`).
  - Add new method to the CollectiblesController to update the state of a Collectible (`updateCollectible`).
  - Add new method to the CollectiblesController to reset the transaction status of a Collectible (`resetCollectibleTransactionStatusByTransactionId`).
- Add new method `validatePassword` to KeyringController to validate the password ([#884](https://github.com/MetaMask/controllers/pull/884))
- Add `formatIconUrlWithProxy` function for formatting iconUrl Proxy for tokens from Swaps API ([#889](https://github.com/MetaMask/controllers/pull/889))
```
